# Running the Simple Server

**Open** Powershell/Cmd prompt and launch the `run.bat` file:

```shell
> .\run.bat
``` 

**Navigate to**: http://localhost:5500/index.html

To dispose of the server, return the shell and press <kbd>Ctrl + C</kbd>. Accept the prompt to terminate the process.

```shell
...
Terminate batch job (Y/N)? Y
```


# Updating the data sets

## Sequence Data

<br>

> **IMPORTANT**: You will need to have `wget` installed to pull the updated `sequences.json` from TJ09's server.
>
>If you do not have wget, you can download the sequences file manually from https://public.dev.tjl.co/blarg/sequences.json

<br>

**Open** Powershell/Cmd prompt and launch the `update_sequences.bat` file:

```shell
> .\update_sequences.bat
```

<br>

## Font Data

<br>

> **IMPORTANT**: This requires `python`, as well as the `Image` module and it's dependencies to be installed. For existing python users, install via `pip`.

<br>

**Open** Powershell/Cmd prompt and launch `gen_font_data.py` script:

```shell
> python gen_font_data.py
```

<hr>

# Original README by Danzibob

Tool by Danzibob + more, based on tools AznPwnage & Nev (@Nev_rtheless)
Using data from TJ09 and hard work from aMegaPenguin

This tool is designed to help find the exact positions and pixel layouts of each character in the frames of the final assembled gif. This information allows us to find the locations of each gif in the final image, by correlating the states of each gif during each of the letters.

Usage:
    Select some letters (ideally less than 4, 3 works well) and press the "Select letters" button
    View each of the letters using the upper < and > buttons
    Press "render" to fill in pixels that match the current arrangement of letters (some pixels WILL be missing)
    Press "render groups" to outline the letters you have loaded and the overlapping sections
    The "Clear groups" buttons removes the color highlighting

(Use imageDL.py to download gifs and gen_font_data.py to create font pixel data from images)

The input box allows you to select the characters you would like to load. 
    To be successfully loaded, a character must be listed in both the "baseFontData" object: generated by the gen_font_data script from the images in "Letter Images"; and in the LetterPositions object, which should use data from aMegaPenguin's compiled list of confirmed frames containing letters (comfirmed letter positions.txt).

The top pane represents the currently loaded character. This character can be shifted up/down/left/right by the lower level of buttons. It can also be edited per pixel by clicking on the cells (per pixel edits must be saved using the "save" button). 
    This only makes changes in the session you're in, and does not save externally (see TODO.txt).
    Grey pixels indicate pixels that won't contain a gif. These shouldn't be included in the font (but won't automatically be excluded)

The lower pane shows 2 outputs:
    The filled in black pixels represent the gifs that fit into this font configuration. These are filled in from the bottom of the image.
    The coloured outlines correspond to the overlaps of the selected letters - like a venn diagram
        These sections should be roughly equally filled (though this is somewhat random based on which gifs are currently missing)
        If these sections are very unevenly filled, this likely suggests that your font arrangement is incorrect

See todo.txt for planned / needed features

For support using this program, for the love of god please don't @ me unless I'm in a VC.
You are allowed to modify and redistribute this code as long as all the credits in this file remain with the code.